Xixi
When will I receive the wedding invitation from you and the war headquarters?
Look at our state of Xixi
You want to stay close
Becoming Mrs. Zhan is not a matter of minutes
Don't marry me
I have something to do, we'll talk later
Assistant, my foot hurts a little
Why don't you go get me a glass of juice?
You bitch
Are you deaf?
No miss
In what capacity do you order me to do things?
You're just a helper with tea and water
What are you pulling?
Believe it or not, I'll let you roll out the fragrance
Let me get out of the fragrant attitude
Are you afraid of one more?
I'm the assistant to the town manager
I only do things for this reason
If you want to lie to me
Then please try your best to become a fighter first
Then you can ask me to carry your shoes for you
Sister Siqin
I beg you.
I promise you.
I will stay away from my brother in Beijing in the future, okay?
Let go of me, okay?
My hand hurts!